Feature/binary model (#3385)
conan-io/docs: reference/binary_model/package_id.rst

How the ``package_id`` is computed
==================================

Let's take some package and list its binaries, for example:

.. code-block:: bash
    :emphasize-lines: 8,19

    $ conan list zlib/1.2.13:* -r=conancenter

    zlib
      zlib/1.2.13
        revisions
          97d5730b529b4224045fe7090592d4c1 (2023-08-22 02:51:57 UTC)
            packages
              d62dff20d86436b9c58ddc0162499d197be9de1e  # package_id
                info
                  settings
                    arch: x86_64
                    build_type: Release
                    compiler: apple-clang
                    compiler.version: 13
                    os: Macos
                  options
                    fPIC: True
                    shared: False
              abe5e2b04ea92ce2ee91bc9834317dbe66628206  # package_id
                info
                  settings
                    arch: x86_64
                    build_type: Release
                    compiler: gcc
                    compiler.version: 11
                    os: Linux
                  options
                    shared: True

> We can see severa binaries for the latest recipe revision of ``zlib/1.2.13``. Every binary is identified by its own ``package_id``, and below it we can see some information for that binary under ``info``. This information is the one used to compute the ``package_id``. Every time something changes in this information, like the architecture, or being a static or a shared library, a new ``package_id`` is computed because it represents a different binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see several binaries for the latest recipe revision of ``zlib/1.2.13``. Every binary is identified by its own ``package_id``, and below it we can see some information for that binary under ``info``. This information is the one used to compute the ``package_id``. Every time something changes in this information, like the architecture, or being a static or a shared library, a new ``package_id`` is computed because it represents a different binary.
```

> We can see, for the latest recipe revision of ``zlib/1.2.13`` several binaries. Every binary is identified by its own ``package_id``, and below it we can see some information for that binary under ``info``. This information is the one used to compute the ``package_id``. Every time something change in this information, like the architecture, or being a static or a shared library, a new ``package_id`` is computed because it represents a different binary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can see severa binaries for the latest recipe revision of ``zlib/1.2.13``. Every binary is identified by its own ``package_id``, and below it we can see some information for that binary under ``info``. This information is the one used to compute the ``package_id``. Every time something changes in this information, like the architecture, or being a static or a shared library, a new ``package_id`` is computed because it represents a different binary.
```
